This is the ninth and possibly last release of the XrX Add Bar Utility, 

Please report any problems with the exact steps that create the problem
to XrX Computer Applications support@xrx.ca

The program should be self explanitory.

New for Version 2.3
  The expiry date has been removed.
  A display bug when the program was run under Windows XP has been fixed.
  (Not sure why it was being run under XP as it only generates 95/98/ME logos,
  but the bug was there so I fixed it)

Future plans....
  This branch is more or less on hold, hoping MS will bring back a decent startup 
  logo scheme in a future Windows.  I'm currently working on a tool for creating
  Wallpaper images for multiple monitors, I hate the fact that the wallpaper 
  duplicates itself on the two monitors, I want a different background on each 
  monitor, there are a couple programs out there that do this, but they neeed to
  be running all the time which isn't necessary, if a single bitmap is created
  that has the multiple images layed out correctly, it can be installed as a tiled 
  wallpaper and each monitor will show it's own background.

New for Version 2.2

  Ability to select colors from current image (down arrow beside color indicator), 
  expiry date pushed out past 2002.

New for Version 2.1

  About box with Contact Information added, wierd quirk with some jpegs fixed,
  beta indicator removed, expiry date pushed out past 2001.

New for Version 2.0.5.2

  Minor update to install routine, minor memory leak fixed, Expiry date
  push out past 2000.

New for Version 2.0.4.23
  
  Fixed a major bug that would cause the program to not startup on some systems.

New for Version 2.0.3.20

  Nothing that the user will see, a whole bunch of internal changes, 
  the animation routine has been rewritten (5th time)  New add 
  animated text routine was added, but discovered a major bug (locked
  up two different test systems) so it's been disabled until the bug
  can be tracked down and exterminated.  The install routine had a
  couple fixes to correct problems that showed up on some older systems.
  
  Pushed the expiry date way out, it looks to be a busy year.
  
  Direction of animated bar corrected.
  
  Slight change to the color stepping routine for adding a bar (really 
  meant for the add animated text routine, but...)
  

New For Version 2.0:

  Preview the created logo.

  Loads multiple image formats:
	JPEG, BMP, DIB, PCX, PBM, PNG, TGA, TIF
	
  Reduces Colors

  Resizes Images
  
  Dithered Bar
  
  Direction of Bar Motion Selectable

Known Problems:

	Install Gives no Feedback except when backing up originals
	